
This CS IA, is about improving the Field of Football Analysis. However, this is only for the IBDP, Computer Science Internal Assessment. This is a personal and difficult project. Through an understanding of Machine learning, Precise detection, and personalised data analysis. General metrics for football on the single-angle sample file. MAN_VS_TOT_Sample1.mp4 is a single-angle file, with a full field view of the pitch. The identification of this match would be, Passes, players, Ball, goals, passing networks (Visual Neural networks from the players), position capture per frame, set pieces, goalkeeper, and referee. Since a full match will not be processed, the video is built of small clips from the match, each clip being around 15-20 seconds, adding to 4 minutes total. The way to identify the difference in the clips is through the time that is displayed in the top left corner of the video. Once the time suddenly switches, then the algorithm restarts, and resets in ts data. The data received from the clips before is stored and added to the final data later. This is a very crucial part of the project; otherwise, it still will not work correctly. There is a standard set pitch for tracking in the background, the 18_Zone.CSV, and 5_zone.CSV. These are standards set as spatial reference models during the process of analysis. With these standards, it will be easier to create vectors, lines, arrows, and circles during the passing network. These vectors, lines, arrows, and circles are latter displayed on the website. These can help with heatmaps as well. So passing networks, can later be turned into 2d figures on a 2d football pitch gird. players names, or proper player number are not possible so instead a number random number is given which can then be changed by the coach or player. The database needs to be stored properly for general metrics. 

The custom tactics engine. Since this a personalised project it will focued mainly on the sample data. The sample data is MAN_VS_TOT_Sample1.mp4. The sample data is a clip of a match between Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur. The clip is around 4 minutes long. Tactics such as which player should move in or out of their position, and whether the player should move to the left or right, or whether the player should move to the top or bottom, or whether the player should move to the center. This is a very crucial part of the project; otherwise, it still will not work correctly. the teams will be identified as team 1 and team 2. The team 1 will be Manchester City and team 2 will be Tottenham Hotspur. This will identified by the 3 letters abbreviations. MCI is Manchester City and TOT is Tottenham Hotspur. The seperation of players will be done by color based, so 1 color will be taken as team 1, and another color will be taken as team 2. To the left or right of the abbreviation will be a color. The color will be taken as the team color, which will be used to identify the team 1 or team 2. The tactics engine will be visual with vectors, lines, arrows, and circles. The vectors will be used to show the direction of the player, the lines will be used to show the connection between the players, the arrows will be used to show the direction of the ball, and the circles will be used to show the position of the ball. This will also be displayed on the website. The tactics engine will be used to show the tactics of the match, with the general metrics. 

There will be 2 types of domains accounts. A coach and a player. The coach will have access to all the data, and the player will have access to their own data. The coach will be able to look at the team matches, and the player will be able to look at their metrics of the season. The player will only be able to do it, when the coach adds the player to the team.

The coach will be able to add players to the team, remove players from the team, and edit players in the team. The coach will be able to add matches to the team, remove matches from the team, and edit matches in the team. The coach will be able to add players to the match, remove players from the match, and edit players in the match. The coach will be able to add matches to the player, remove matches from the player, and edit matches in the player. The coach will be able to add players to the player, remove players from the player, and edit players in the player.
